Readme update (#2)
FlowFuse/balena-device-agent: README.md

## Configure

The FlowFuse Device Agent can be configured in 2 ways:

>  1. A `device.yml` file provided when the Device is created in the FlowFuse platform. This file can be injected into the Belena device using the `FF_DEVICE_YML` environment variable (see below)
>  2. A group of Devices can be give a `device.yml` that contains a Provisionig Token. This will cause the Device to connect to the FlowFuse platform and register a new device, it will then download it's own unique `device.yml` file. The Provisioning token can be passed to the Belena device using the `FF_DEVICE_YML` environment variable (see below). Provisioning tokens are created on the Team -> Settings page, under the Device's tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1.  Using a "Device Configuration": A Device Configuration is provided when a Device is created in the FlowFuse platform. This configuration can be set in the Belena device using the `FF_DEVICE_YML` environment variable (see below)
 2. Using a "Device Provisioning Configuration". A Device Provisioning Configuration is provided when a Provisioning Token is generated on the FlowFuse platform. This can be used to permit the Device Agent to connect to the FlowFuse platform and auto register itself as a new device. It will then download and store it's own unique Device Configuration. This Provisioning Configuration can be set in the Belena device using the `FF_DEVICE_YML` environment variable (see below). Provisioning tokens are created on the FlowFuse platform in "Team Settings" under the "Devices" tab.
```

Ben, I altered the text to move away from "file" and "device.yml" as much as possible to align with what the FlowFuse UI dialog titles and elements say. e.g.  The "Team Settings" page, a "Device Configuration" and "Device Provisioning Configuration".  One or two typos too.

Please consider this alternative?
